OSDOCS-19448: oc adm upgrade recommend docs (#111110)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/oc-adm-upgrade-recommend.adoc

= Using the oc adm upgrade recommend command to identify update risks

[role="_abstract"]
To identify potential update risks before initiating a cluster update, you can use the `oc adm upgrade recommend` command.

When you run the `oc adm upgrade recommend` command, the output displays the following information:

* Any issues that cause the Cluster Version Operator to have a status of `Failing=True`
* Any firing alerts that might be a cause for concern about a cluster update
* Information about your current update channel and your cluster's update service
* Recommended target versions and any relevant known issues associated with each version

You can use the information provided by the output to make informed decisions about the state of your cluster, for example whether any critical cluster issues should be addressed before attempting an update, or which specific target version would have less risk for your cluster.

.Prerequisites

* You installed the latest version of {oc-first}.

.Procedure

* Identify potential update risks and view recommended update versions by running the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc adm upgrade recommend
----
+

> .Example output

Author: If there's any 4.22, or at least newer than 4.16, example output to put in here, please let me know.

This is from the CLI update procedure which was shortened for brevity. However, maybe in this section a full output might be more justified?

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="oc-adm-upgrade-recommend_{context}"]
= Using the oc adm upgrade recommend command to identify update risks

[role="_abstract"]
To identify potential update risks before initiating a cluster update, you can use the `oc adm upgrade recommend` command.

When you run the `oc adm upgrade recommend` command, the output displays the following information:

* Any issues that cause the Cluster Version Operator to have a status of `Failing=True`
* Any firing alerts that might be a cause for concern about a cluster update
* Information about your current update channel and your cluster's update service
* Recommended target versions and any relevant known issues associated with each version

> You can use the information provided by the output to make informed decisions about the state of your cluster, for example whether any critical cluster issues should be addressed before attempting an update, or which specific target version would have less risk for your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the information provided by the output to make informed decisions about the state of your cluster. Examples include whether any critical cluster issues should be addressed before attempting an update, or which specific target version would have less risk for your cluster.
```
Rewording suggestion to break up a very long sentence
